Add user information to MySQL Python module documentation (#7128)
netdata/netdata: collectors/python.d.plugin/mysql/README.md

**Requirements:**

-   python library [MySQLdb](https://github.com/PyMySQL/mysqlclient-python) (faster) or [PyMySQL](https://github.com/PyMySQL/PyMySQL) (slower)
-   `netdata` local user to connect to the MySQL server. 

> To create the `netdata` user, execute the following:

Reviewer: It seems obvious but still worth to mention - execute in the mysql shell.

Reviewer 2: Definitely worth mentioning! Good catch.

Author: Yes, since the `netdata` user is already created upon installation, it only makes sense to note that this `netdata` user is to be created in the MySQL shell. 

I have added it. 

Thanks @ilyam8

```sh
create user 'netdata'@'localhost';
grant usage on *.* to 'netdata'@'localhost';
flush privileges;
```

> The `netdata` user will have the ability to connect to the MySQL server on the localhost without a password. 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need a "the" before "localhost." And maybe put that in code?

```suggestion
The `netdata` user will have the ability to connect to the MySQL server on `localhost` without a password. 
```

  port     : 9000
```

> If no configuration is given, module will attempt to connect to mysql server via unix socket at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no configuration is given, the module will attempt to connect to MySQL server via a unix socket at
```

`/var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock` without password and with username `root`.

> `userstats` graph works only if you enable such plugin in MariaDB server and set proper mysql priviliges (SUPER or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`userstats` graph works only if you enable the plugin in MariaDB server and set proper MySQL privileges (SUPER or
```

> PROCESS). For more detail please check [MariaDB User Statistics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PROCESS). For more details, please check the [MariaDB User Statistics
```
